[Instrumentation.AWSLambda] Incoming FaaS Span attributes: detect and set attribute for cold start (#2037)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.AWSLambda/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Added detection of Lambda cold start and setting of `faas.coldstart` Activity tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add detection of Lambda cold start and set `faas.coldstart` Activity tag.
```
